Examine How much of Therapist Notes my app hits

   Register: Periodic mood/stress level self-checks (e.g., use a Likert '0-10' scale)
   Refocus: Periodic mental refocusing during events, stressors & experiences
   Release: 5-minute (minimum) relaxation technique (deep breathing/clear your mind)
   Render: 5-minute (minimum) meditation/prayer technique (conscious experience)
   Replace: Create some positive I-statements to replace automatic negative thoughts
   Rebalance: Be cognizant of your work/life balance (identify challenges to creating balance)
   Reward: Incorporate some daily self-care (fun, challenging, enjoyable activity/reward)
   Rejuvenate: Sleep hygiene (make bedtime intentional and ritualistic to maximize sleep/rest)
   Resource: Access resources available (e.g., time, assistance, advice, delegation, revise, etc.)

——————-

4 Daily Jump Starts to Facilitate Positive Change
   SNATCH: Snatch an immediate sense of accomplishment by completing 1 small, easy task. Try to use that motivation to do as much as you can before the feeling passes.
   CATCH: Catch a sense of purpose and direction by picking 2-3 goals to write down and focus on to avoid the tendency to catastrophize and become overwhelmed by doing too much.
   PERCIEVE: Sense success by stepping back and taking in your accomplishment and allowing yourself to feel good, recharge, and carefully consider what your next step will be.
   RECEIVE: Pay yourself. Positive reinforcement fosters a sense of purpose and motivation through accomplishment that can increase the tendency to repeat a behavior.

—————————-

Daily Steps for Maintaining Motivation
   Streamline your focus: If you can't control it, don't waste your energy and time on it. Focus on what you know you can control and hold on to it tightly!
   Accept help: Getting help can ensure success. Acknowledge that this is too big to do alone. There is strength in numbers. Let them lift you up when your strength fails you!
   Redefine step 1: Subtle routine shifts can spark motivation. Repeating a process and expecting different results is not only boring, but also unrealistic, and can be a recipe for failure. Get motivated by mixing up steps in your routine to revitalize and reenergize a process (e.g., go the opposite direction, put the other sock on first, etc.).
   Re-emphasize the Purpose: Your first goal only has 3 steps. Step #1 is easy, so do it. Remind yourself that you did it, how easy it was, reward yourself, and do it again. Now do Step #2 and repeat the whole process. Now realize how close step #3 is. Repeat this process and increase your reward.
   Be Kind to Yourself: Anticipate breaks, goals not met, failure, setbacks, delays, and plateaus, but don't quit. Failure is a common component of change. Be flexible. Keep going. You've made progress, so acknowledge it, celebrate progress by rewarding yourself and vow to get back on track. JUST NEVER STOP.